what is it Andy I have another all just
just hock it in any direction and see
what alcohol of auto Rhys probably
dropped that yeah so she dropped it
right drink it okay okay just hey Andy
throw the rock oh it's okay
so is that a bite oh it's Demi Moore I
I'm so sorry about that
to me it's man yeah what's up with the
rocks no I'm so dude I'm hey hey chance
you wanna come in and hang out with me
and Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman
and Gary Oldman and Amy Adams um
Jimmy's not in there is he well
technically yes but I tied him to a
chair and stuffed a gag in his mouth
okay I hold the mic okay I'm just
wondering
you ever had to be more on the show no
no no why would she come on your show
you know you should sometime though I
think you'd have a I think you'd like it
ladies and gentlemen please say hello to
my next guest the lovely and talented
Demi Moore
amazing yes well no I just took over his
show and tied him up cuz he's a son of a
and he had it coming
but tell me you've never been on this
show before no I had it is okay if I
take my coat yeah sure I'm sorry you're
just ridin back your bag but why have
you never come on the show before
well I've I've been to his house
um oh you have yeah and I mean it was
not he invited me for dinner you know
he's really big into his his cooking
thing right right
sauces and well he was you know he's got
his pizza ovens and he was making pizza
then I went to looking trash put
something in and I saw the boxes of
DiGiorno I mean I'm like for me that's
just despicable you son of a gun you
just no no get over there that's just
that's so wrong
so in keeping with all these things
we're hearing tonight though this guy is
just a horrible man I'm really
uncomfortable with liars and I mean no
he's just got he's not trustworthy I
mean you're trustworthy this is amazing
me you're that demon given that this is
without question the best couch ever
assembled on the Jimmy Kimmel show I
think we should maybe go over there and
take a picture with Jimmy come on
these are just acts you could never get
my friend all right I would like to
thank these guys for being here tonight
you